it's Thomas mall ready from cool
cleveland.com and we're here today at
the Virginia Marty College of Art and
Design and we're here with Jeff Malaya
Jeff runs the digital media department
here at Virginia Marti thanks for
talking with us today jo thanks for
coming Thomas let have you
hey this school started basically doing
fashion design and then got into fashion
merchandising interior design eventually
graphic design right yeah that's it and
you are head of the most recent
department which is digital media
correct yes so talk about what you guys
do in this your part what we do we focus
up back one of our programs digital
video production with that we do
animation three emission flash animation
and web design the key thing with
digital video production today is really
delivery on the web so really focusing
in that aspect of it as well right so I
notice you guys focus a lot on
storyboarding and concept and really
coming up with the creative aspects I
mean you do a lot on the technology side
because there's a lot of software based
sure yeah but talk about how you focus
really on the creative aspect sure well
you know like everything else everything
starts with a good idea no matter what
kind of bells and whistles technology
provides it comes down to the art and
the concepts so you love traditional
arts training color theory figure
drawing 3d design a big part of our
animation is just a kick or strong
design right you guys work with a lot
with the community you have a lot of
guest speakers and weekend speakers into
your thing we have a lot of students
interning at production houses all
around town right I'm working with
sports teams in town a little bit of
everything get an experience they really
want right yeah got a little green
screen here you got your own sound
recording studio absolutely all the toys
a play with them you know again it's I
think with creative people you want to
really give them all the all the tools
to play with and let them kind of write
can figure them in their own way I mean
today's media is defined by really
populating and converging different
forms and we're all about that here
great
hey you want to show us around some of
the other studios real quick everything
yeah great where are we headed now we're
heading to the this is the figure
drawing and illustration area here we
have a fashion design illustration class
in the works here I'm again really
hardcore focused on traditional arts and
drawing here so right check out some of
this
really good stuff now dude does everyone
take some of the basic drawing color
yeah and theory course we student in the
program takes out his courses again it
parlays into every single discipline in
the school that's great so all right
where we have it Mac except I'll end up
to the interior design room but in the
meantime we'll take a look at some of
the artwork on the walls here that's
it's been posted up for our art show
that happens annually in May so please
take a look at some of this work we have
some third drawing illustration work
some Anatomy studies right some of our
graphic design work on this side here
letterhead logo design corporate
communications some branding posters
music poster design right off it's a
nice nice collaboration of work here a
little bit of everything
yeah some more here right good supple
head upstairs students here design lab
now and great see what's doing some work
here now this school has been around for
how long 1966 is all right found this a
fashion school but Virginia Marty perso
since then again add a noise for
programs on but lots of cool things
happening all the time it's great to get
a fashion designer and is amused to mix
and see what kind of comes from it so
you have to collaboration lots of
creativity you guys have a certain
number of students that you must place
is that right as jobs because of your
accreditation talk about that so we've
had 94 percent job placement last eight
years they're right on our credit
Commission requires that be seventy
percent but it really shows the demand
for creative people in this community is
huge right so really students come here
to learn specific skills and and to get
a job absolutely very career-focused
internship heavy hands-on training right
and they get it all right here so here's
some more interior design students
here's to working the samples renderings
and so forth really busy day here at the
college so here they're working actually
with upholstery and and different
tectile watches and this is more for an
interior design a type of application
absolutely Jersey great
sounds great yeah good stuff well thanks
for taking time to talk with us Jeff
thanks for coming Thomas pleasure to
have you it's Thomas mall ready from
cool cleveland.com have a great week in
cool Cleveland